New version adapted to nullable columns and null handling in multi-stage engine (#304)
pinot-contrib/pinot-docs: basics/components/table/schema.md

# Schema

Each table in Pinot is associated with a schema. A schema defines:
- What fields are present in the table along with the data types.
- Whether the table uses column-based or table-based null handling.

>   See [Null value support](../../developers/advanced/null-value-support.md) for more information about this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fields in the table with their data types.
- Whether the table uses column-based or table-based null handling.
  For more information, see [Null value support](../../developers/advanced/null-value-support.md).
```
